That the Buyer shall pay the installments as mentioned in clause 4 above regularly in favour
of the Vendor either by demand draft / pay-order / cheque / cash and obtain receipt for the
same and the Buyer shall pay such installments on the due dates, subject to clause 6 given
below.
6. In case the Scheduled Apartment is completed before the scheduled date of completion /
delivery mentioned in clause 21 below, the entire balance outstanding as on such date of
completion shall become due and payable, notwithstanding the installments and due dates
mentioned in clause 4 above. The buyer shall be liable to pay the balance outstanding
within 15 days of receiving an intimation from the Vendor as to completion of the
Scheduled Apartment, notwithstanding the installments and due dates mentioned above.
7. In the event the installment payments are delayed by more than 15 days after they become
due, the Buyer shall be liable to pay the overdue installments with interest calculated
@1.5% p.m. Under no circumstances the Buyer shall delay the payment of installments for
more than 1 month from the due date. That in case of delay in payment of installments for
more than 1 month from the due date, this agreement shall stand cancelled and the Vendor
shall be entitled to charge cancellation charges @ 15% of the agreed total sale
consideration. In the event of the Buyer proposing to avail a housing loan and the Buyer
fails to obtain housing loan within 30 days of the provisional booking, the cancellation
charges will be nil provided necessary intimation to this effect is given to the Vendor in
writing along with necessary proof of non-sanction of the loan. In case of such non
intimation the cancellation charges shall be Rs. 25,000/-. Further if on the request of the
Buyer the booking is cancelled within 60 days of the provisional booking the cancellation
charges shall be Rs. 50,000/-.
8. The non-payment of any installments and/or any amounts due by the Buyer to the Vendor
as stipulated under this agreement, shall entitle the Vendor to cancel the agreement ‘suomoto’, unilaterally without any recourse to the Buyer and the Vendor need not give any
prior notice or intimation to the Buyer of such action of cancellation of the Agreement.
9. The Vendor shall be entitled to re-allot / sell the said apartment thus cancelled in favour of
any other person. No notice from the Vendor shall be necessary to the defaulting Buyer to
take action as stated herein, and such action shall be the sole prerogative and discretion of
the Vendor and the defaulting Buyer shall have no say in or to object to the same.
10. That the Buyer at his discretion and cost may avail housing loan from Bank / Financial
Institutions. The Buyer shall endeavour to obtain necessary loan sanction within 30 days
from the date of provisional booking. The Vendor shall under no circumstances be held
responsible for non-sanction of the loan to the Buyer for whatsoever reason. The payment
of installments to the Vendor by the Buyer shall not be linked with housing loan availed / to
be availed by the Buyer